## Sprint 1

### January 22, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Discussed the previous project codebase and familiarized themselves with it  
- Reviewed the previous project documentation website  
- Looked at the Site Inspection Excel spreadsheet  
- Discussed the rough draft roadmap for this term’s project prepared by previous project members  
- Began preparing a cleaned-up roadmap for the new project, including:
  - Core and optional requirements  
  - Rough UI features  
  - Success criteria for the end of the project  
- Planned another meeting on January 23 for a video call with the SAPAA president and client, Frank Potter  

**Action Items**  
- Finish the project roadmap to serve as a high-level plan for project features  
- As a team, create user stories based on the roadmap and organize them using the MoSCoW method  
- Communicate with previous project members, Gabriel and Mehrdad, to gain access to the Supabase database and gather general information about last term’s development  

---

### January 23, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Team introduced themselves to the client, Frank Potter, and shared individual strengths and areas of expertise  
- Client outlined how meetings should be structured going forward:
  1. What was done over the past week (least important)  
  2. What will be done over the next two weeks (important)  
  3. Questions or concerns from CMPUT 401 for SAPAA (very important)  
  4. Questions or concerns from SAPAA for CMPUT 401 (critical)  
- Discussed how SAPAA operates as an organization and the importance of Site Inspections  
- Received an overview of the project scope and expectations  

**Action Items**  
- Prepare a weekly slide deck for Friday meetings to summarize progress and upcoming work  
- Modify the high-level project roadmap based on feedback from Frank Potter  
- Schedule a meeting on January 25 to begin creating user stories  

---

### January 25, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Team reviewed the high-level project roadmap and classified requirements as core or “if-time-permits” features  
- Reorganized requirements based on agreed-upon priorities  
- Collaboratively drafted initial user stories and potential acceptance tests  

**Action Items**  
- Add story points to user stories as a team decision  
- During the January 28 lab session, organize draft user stories into MoSCoW format  
- Begin work on other Sprint 1 requirements  

---

### January 27, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Met with previous project members Gabriel and Mehrdad to clarify how the Supabase database was structured  
- Confirmed the priority of developing a web-based application to replace Google Forms for stewards and administrators  
- Discussed unresolved image management issues from the previous project  
- Explored potential solutions such as:
  - A proof-of-concept using compressed images  
  - Future monetary investment to support increased storage needs  
- Decided to focus first on stable Sprint 1 requirements and delay more variable components (e.g., UI mockups) until user stories are approved by Frank  

**Action Items**  
- Prepare a slide deck for Friday’s meeting with Frank  
- Finalize the high-level project roadmap and user stories for client review  
- During the January 28 TA meeting:
  - Assign Sprint 1 tasks to team members  
  - Collaborate on shared tasks such as low-fidelity UI mockups  

---

### Morning of January 28, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- All team members attended the regular lab session with the TA  
- Discussed the plan for completing remaining Sprint 1 requirements  
- Explored possible solutions to the image management problem  
- Coordinated transportation logistics for the Site Inspection field trip on January 31  
- Ranked user stories collectively based on necessity and implementation complexity  
- Assigned story points to user stories  

**Action Items**  
- Hold a team meeting later in the evening to finalize user story rankings and identify epics that need to be split  
- Complete the slide deck for the Friday meeting with Frank on January 30  

---

### Evening of January 28, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Finalized user story rankings using the MoSCoW prioritization method  
- Decomposed oversized user stories into smaller, manageable stories  
- Completed story point estimation for all user stories  
- Expanded acceptance tests for several user stories  
- Added section numbers to user stories to directly map them to the original Site Inspection Google Form  
- Documented team member Belbin roles  

**Action Items**  
- Request a review of user stories from Gabriel and Mehrdad to identify missing core functionality or incorrect priorities  
- Transfer finalized user stories into GitHub as issues  
- Begin creating the project story map Kanban board, assigning user stories to specific sprints  

---


### January 30, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Discussed logistics for the upcoming site visit
- Reviewed image management technology options 
- Reviewed AWS S3, Google drive and Supabase based on cost, scalability and ease of integration
- AWS S3 was preferred due to scalability, cost effectiveness and robust feature set
- Decision pending validaton through a proof of concept
- Reviewed and refined user stories to align closely with site inspection form questions
- Proposed cross referencing user stories with specific site inspection questions to improve clarity

**Action Items**  
- Frank Potter needs to review and provide feedback on refined user stories and system functionalities  
- Team needs to develop an AWS S3 proof of concept and prepare for implementation 
- Conduct the site visit as planned
- Complete the AWS S3 proof of concept
- Continue refining user stories and system functionalities based on feedback

---

### Afternoon of January 31, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Visited Riverlot 56 with the client, Frank Potter, and discussed how stewards will use the web application and mobile app in the field  
- Gained clearer understanding of steward workflows and validated several existing user stories based on on-site discussions   
- Proposed cross referencing user stories with specific site inspection questions to improve clarity 


**Action Items**  
- Continue refining user stories and system functionalities based on client and field feedback  

---




###  February 1, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**  
- Team finished up the rest of the sprint 1 requirements 
- Assigned tasks to everyone for sprint 2  


**Action Items**  
- Start working on creating the web application  
- Start coding the implementations for user stories in sprint 2

---


## Sprint 2

### Feb 4, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**
- Had usual TA meeting in lab session
- Discussed what we did last week and started planning how to approach sprint 2
- Discussed if we wanted to refactor the Supabase
- Looked into current Google Sheets code that acts as a middleman between Google Forms and Supabase

**Action Items**
- Create a plan to refactor the Supabase by creating new tables to put all our Site Inspection Form data into
- Create diagrams showing the new refactored Supabase to show Frank for approval

---

### Feb 6, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**
- Met with Frank for our weekly meeting to discuss our plans going forwards
- Created a draft for the diagrams for Supabase refactoring
- There will be no meeting next week due to conflicts with Frank's schedule

**Action Items**
- Set up a meeting with Frank to setup an AWS account for our s3 image management and possibly a separate Email account for SAPAA
- Continue on with refactoring Supabase
- Start on developing the frontend entry point for the Site Inspection Form webapp

---



### Feb 7, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**
- Members met to work in-person on the project
- Finished refactoring the Supabase and creating diagrams to show the table relations
- Finished the frontend entry point of the Site Inspection Form webapp

**Action Items**
- Continue working through the other user stories related to the Site Inspection Form questions
- Have a meeting to explain to other team members about how the new Supabase schema works

---

### Feb 9, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**
- Raiyana Rahman presented the updates made to the database schema to the entire team.
- Finished refactoring the Supabase and creating the ER diagram to show the table relations
- Finished the frontend entry point of the Site Inspection Form webapp

**Action Items**
- The team plans to continue with the development and start integrating the new database schema.

---

### Feb 11, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**
- Had usual TA meeting in lab session
- Discussed what we did last week and continued implementations of Sprint 2
- Members discussed their progress with their user stories

**Action Items**
- Add new user stories based on issues that came up while working on Sprint 2 user stories
- Have an in-person meeting on Friday to work on Sprint 2 requirements and Git related things (E.g. merging pull requests, closing issues)

---

### Feb 13, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**
- Members met in-person to work together on Sprint 2
- Resolved Git pull requests as a team to make sure we were following proper Git conventions

**Action Items**
- Finish up Sprint 2 user stories by adding tests to resolve user story acceptance tests
- Work on other Sprint 2 requirements like the traceability matrix
- Document all Sprint 2 requirements on the documentation website

---

### Feb 15, 2026
**Key Discussions & Decisions**
- Members met online to finish merging the remaining pull requests, adding missing tests, and cleaning up the codebase
- Finished up other Sprint 2 requirements
- Moved all required documentation into the documentation website

**Action Items**
- Start planning over the reading week for Sprint 3

---